Hello everyoneeee!
Virtual Comedian Kizuna Ai here!
Today....
I think its time to show
everyone a short skit!
Alright, let's get started!
Kizuna Ai's skit!
Ghost encounter!
*car noises*
Hey, hey, did you know?
What?
Apparently this street is famous for ghosts appearing.
Eh, really??
Now that you say it...
it's definitely a bit eerie...
Right?
*ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton*
EH?! Wait a second...
*ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton*
Eh??
Don't you hear that?
Really?
Aren't you hearing things?
*ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton*
No, seriously, I hear it!
I'm scared!
I'm really scared!!!
*ba dum TSSSSSH*
You're playing TAIKO??!
♪ Good! ♪
♪ ~This was Ai-chan's comedy skit!~ ♪
Up next, the small girl from the Alps
Aaaahh!
Definitely the mountain air is so delicious
The Alps feel so good!
Y-yes...
Clara?
Ah!
Clara has...!
vomiteeed!
She has altitude sickness!
♪ Good! ♪
♪ ~This was Ai-chan's comedy skit!~ ♪
Up next, last one
The last one is called "Contact Lenses"!
Eh?
Where are they?
What happened?
Ah, my contact lenses fell
I see!
I'll help you look for them
Seriously?
Many thanks!
Where are they?
*Break*
Ah!
Ah
*uncomfortable laugh*
I'm very sorry
Ah, no, no
Don't worry, please
It broke
Really, it's okay
My kneecap broke...
That's what you were referring to!?
♪ Good! ♪
♪ ~This was Ai-chan's comedy skit!~ ♪
Many thanks to everyone!
What the heck?
Good!